You retain any ownership rights you have in the Submission,
and nothing in this Agreement limits your right to use the
Submission or to license or sell the Submission to others.
You hereby grant and agree to grant to each of Astraea and
the City of Charlottesville a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive, transferable, fully sublicensable (including
the right to sublicense through multiple tiers of
sublicensees), perpetual, and irrevocable license (the
“Submission License”) to make, have made, sell, offer for
sale, import, record, use, practice, copy, modify, adapt,
create derivative works of, store, host, publish, publicly
perform, publicly display, distribute, communicate, and
transmit the Submission for any purpose (including commercial
purposes), and to exercise all Intellectual Property Rights
in and to the Submission. You acknowledge and agree that
neither Astraea nor the City of Charlottesville nor any
sublicensee will have any obligation of accounting,
attribution, or payment to you with respect to the exercise
of the Submission License or any rights granted thereunder.
In addition, you expressly waive any moral right or any other
rights or claims that you may have with respect to the
Submission that would limit the free exercise of the
Submission License by Astraea, the City of Charlottesville,
or any sublicensees.
